New corrections and selections and introduce new corrections to increase the data
quality
We then focus on showing that this data set is suitable for studying solar physics
by searching for known and expected signals.
where also the different time intervals for data
collection are indicated
The data, that are not available on the scale of single seconds like the scalers, are inter-
polated in case of the monitoring values and the weather data.

*****  Identification of Bad Stations:  selecting those
stations that are in general ready to take valid data and send valid data for each second. All
the following selections are applied on single seconds on data only.

*****Station outliers:  the removal of stations because
they report a very high count rate in a single second without other stations affected as well. To be able to detect outliers, we need an estimate of the mean and variance at the time
of interest. and use the median and the median absolute deviation (MAD) to estimate mean and variance. With both the median and the MAD available,
the outlier detection is simple: for every second and station in the input data, the quantity 4.1

*****Lightning and Localised Excesses: Since the threshold of the Scaler is low, the Scaler rate is very sensitive to the electromagnetic
pulse associated with lightning strikes important for background rejection in analyses of the scaler rate

The general concept for identifying seconds with lightning strikes is similar to the search
of rate increases correlated with gamma-ray bursts 

 Here, as for the selection of station outliers, we take the
median of five-minute intervals as a robust estimate of the mean rate hΓi, and estimate the
current standard deviation σ̂ with the median absolute deviation under a Gaussian assump-
tion. These quantities are defined for each available SD

se a Gaussian background model with a common additional signal s to estimate the significance of excesses.

*****Averaging and Scaling:
For every station, we use the arithmetic mean over all seconds in the interval that are not removed by one of the criteria discussed before.

 Then, the average over all such stations can
be computed. We want to emphasize here, that we chose to keep the analysis on the level
of single stations as long as possible and thus use this order of averaging.

 If no weighting
with the number of active seconds is used, this is numerically different to using the average
over the stations per second and taking the mean in the time interval. Because we will apply
corrections for long-term effects on station basis, the aforementioned way of calculating
the mean per station is conceptually clearer.

 For these corrections, we will also use the
averaged quantity, e.g. the average atmospheric pressure, or the average Area-over-Peak
that we calculate in the same way.


*****Corrections for long-term trends:

 we have to account for
the known long-term trends caused by detector ageing and changes in the atmosphere

The first important correction is accounting for the change of rate of measured particles with changes of the 
------------------------ A) atmospheric pressure. 


It can be easily understood that an increased
atmospheric pressure corresponds to higher mass overburden above the detector and thus
an anti-correlation with the Scaler rate is expected. This anti-correlation can be fitted by
using e.g. a simple linear model Γ = a0 + a1 ( p( t) − h pi) and then corrected with
Γcorrected (t ) = Γ (t) − a1( p (t) − h pi).
 (4.12)
Extending this model to single stations, we observe a correlation of the coefficients a1 of the
stations with their average rate (a0 )

Next, we perform a correction with respect to the 
----------------------B) Area-over-Peak (AoP) of a station that
captures changes in the pulse shape in the SD. The AoP-correction is necessary for long-term
studies because it changes on a scale of years. Although such a correction has been reported
previously

----------------------C) Baseline correction
 drift of the baseline in the stations. The
baseline of the PMTs in the field is constantly changing correlated with temperature. Because
of the integer nature of FADCs, and thus the thresholds of the Scaler, this can lead to residual
changes in the measured rate. Fig. 4.11 shows this effect for a single station by plotting the
scaler rate as a function of time compared with the baseline of PMT-1. It is clear that the
shape of the measured Scaler resembles the baseline drift, however, broken into a piece-
wise function. These discontinuities come from the online-calibration that is performed
in the station during data taking and that corrects for the baseline drift





